anybody wants to get down like that 2014
being an awesome you for gaming because
it is the first new year with the next
generation of consoles busy or and xbox
one but it was also a controversial one
so today I'm going to go over my top
five controversial games of 2014
okay let's kick this off with the game
mother's love to hate with the drug use
of violence and sex apparently not
fazing anyone one that did however stand
out in 2013 was the torture singer it's
to be sure no I told you you smoke
the fuck we ain't talked about that
which I'm not done watching now with the
release of the next gen GTA 5 a year
after the original release date there is
still one question everyone has on their
mind what for guys that we are going to
borrow something off the Navy they're
not gonna mind thankfully now in 2015
they're supposed to be a release date
hopefully that may be too late please
use caution you saw my last video I know
what you guys are thinking no i am not
talking about laura in trouble by LW
which you should go check on amazing but
in the base game itself laura is
captured and almost raped rising the
controversial question can you have a
female lead without sexualizing her and
the answer is hell knows flappy bird the
lovable app sensation that caused a lot
of joy and they love see right there
ever since PewDiePie popularized the
game back in 2013 we all remember the
Creator getting over fifty thousand
dollars a day just from advertisement
revenue alone but the real controversy
started when he removed the game from
the app store in 2014 Vietnam based
developer said that he removed the game
due to guilt over what he considered to
be an addictive nature and overuse and
plus he would get thousands of death
threats every day the eighth generation
of consoles both playstation 4 and xbox
one launch near the end of 2013 with a
surprisingly decent selection of
third-party games such as battlefield
call a duty and Assassin's Creed but one
thing developers tried to make very
apparent and is still training to this
day is resolution gay game after game
coming out each with different
resolutions for the Xbox one and
PlayStation 4 it has been stated that
theoretically PlayStation 4 has fifty
percent more graphical power than the
xbox
and this has been the basis of many
arguments over the years but at the end
of the day who really fucking cares all
have to say about resolution gay is it's
not about how the game looks it's about
how the game plays this is the time of
vengeance and no life is worth saving
and I will put in a grave as many as I
can
it's time for Q and it's time for me to
die this game may have flown under your
radar because it seems just like any
other video game but when you live in a
country plagued by public shootings the
general idea of this game didn't sit
well with some people and ultimately got
this game removed from Steam back in
2014 and Epic Games demanding that the
unreal engine name be taken out of the
title game causing a lot of controversy
does this infringe on freedom of speech
is this game immoral well eventually
gabe newell himself apologized
personally and returned the game back on
Steam now if the innocent people getting
killed in this game were replaced by
Nazis or aliens nobody would have
battery or not but at the end of the day
the only thing that's worse than this
game is censorship
you